Hello everyone and welcome to despite editorial in the previous we do we finally defined our a traitor.
But now it's time to define our training gloop and this will take two videos of our time since it is
going to be a bit longer.
We want to find everything in this video.
Instead we will stop at one point and continue in the next one OK.
Let's start immediately with our implementation.
So we don't lose time anymore.
As always it is going to be a for loop.
So define for episode our main loop is going to iterate through all episodes that we define.
And if you remember we defined to be 1000 episodes so right in the range of episodes plus one.
The next thing to do is to print out the current episode so we can keep track of the training process.
So let's print episode and let's use these kind of formatting.
So if you remember we can use this format function but here we need to specify two things since we have
two curly brackets that we need to populate we will specify episode and episodes we are just counting
how many episodes has left now that we are done with that.
Let us define our initial state the initial state is always the same.
At the very beginning of the episode so define that as a state and that is equal to state creator which
takes three arguments data.
Then we have zero because at this point our timestamp is zero.
And lastly we have window size plus 1 then we are going to define 2 variables so we can keep track of
that.
The first one is total profit.
We don't have to specify this but if you want to see how the model is progressing over time it is recommended
to have this variable after we define this one.
Let's call trader dot inventory to access our inventory and said to be an empty list.
If you remember our inventory is just a python list that stores all stocks that we bought but sometimes
we can finish our episode without selling all the stocks we want to start our episode clean without
any stocks in the inventory.
So here at this point we are just making sure that we have clean inventory before we start our episode
after that let's define our time stamp and that times that represent how many samples we have one time
step is one day.
And that's why timestamps represent how many samples we have.
So write for t in Daegu D.M. and TDM is just used to visually the progress bar.
If you don't want to use this one does not it is just viz. preferences from my side then use range and
there's always provide data samples that we defined above is our hyper parameter.
The first thing that we have to assess is an action that action is going to be taken by the model.
So we will say action is equal to trader dot trade.
And here we need to provide our state.
And we are done as you remember at the very beginning of the training process.
These actions are going to be totally randomly selected after some time when the model is trained enough.
It is going to take these action by itself.
So now we have an action and it's time to perform it to get to the next state let us define next state
is equal to and then we have to see state creator which takes data as always then D plus 1 since we
want the next state and not the current one and again window size plus 1.
Now we need to define a reward because we didn't calculate anything at this point.
The reward is going to be zero.
So action 1 is buying and action to the selling.
We can only trade with actions or a stock that we already bought.
The next thing to do is to define an if statement which checks if an action performed right now by the
model is one or if we bought a stock we are going to say if an action is equal to 1.
And if that is the case the agent is buying.
In that case the only thing that we have to do is to append the current stock to the inventory to do
that.
We are going to define trader dot inventory since it is on the people list and call a band of data of
T because we want the current data information to be our both stock we can add here up bring statement
something like agent bought the stock for X price we are going to do this maybe in the next video.
For now we are going to stop our implementation right here.
There are only a few things left to do.
We have to check in the Candler case if the action is too or if you want to sell a stock we need to
perform a few tracks before we calculate the reward total profit and so on.
Then we need to perform the training process as well.
We are going to complete all of that in the next video.
Stay tuned for that and for now if you have any questions or comments please bother them in the comments
section.
Otherwise I'll see you in the next material.